docs: Add quality checks information to README (#143)
uktrade/terraform-platform-modules: README.md

   pip install poetry && poetry install && poetry run pre-commit install
```

## Testing / quality checks

Various quality checks are run in AWS Codebuild in the `platform-tools` account for any push to a pull request branch:

* [Checkov](https://www.checkov.io/)
* [terraform fmt](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/fmt)
* [terraform validate](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/validate)
* [tflint](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint])
* [terraform test](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/test) - plan style

> * Todo: [terraform test](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/test) - end to end style

Reviewer: not entirely sure about these two lines atm, what's `plan style` and `end to end style`? just wondering about an explanation, other than that the PR is 👍🏻

> * Todo: [terraform test](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/test) - end to end style

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Todo: [terraform test](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/test) - apply style
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Todo: [terraform test](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/test) - end to end tests which do an apply and actually provision infrastructure
```
